%apa001w
The Apache server is listening on every address of the machine instead
of one named address (a Listen directive without an IP, or no Listen
restriction at all). On a machine with more than one interface this
serves the site where it was never meant to be served. The same id at
INFO level confirms the server does listen only on one address and
port. Give each Listen directive an explicit address, for example
"Listen 192.0.2.10:80", and restart the server.
%apa002w
The Directory block for the filesystem root ('/') places no limit on
access, or its Options are anything but None. Every file the server
user can read becomes servable unless a deeper block forbids it, and a
loose '/' block is the usual way a misconfiguration turns into a full
filesystem disclosure. Deny first and open only what the site needs:
"<Directory /> Require all denied </Directory>" with Options None.
%apa003i
A Directory block allows symbolic links to be followed only when the
link and its target share an owner (SymLinksIfOwnerMatch). This is the
safer form of symlink following: a user who can write to the served
tree cannot point a link at /etc/passwd unless they already own that
file. No action needed; the message records that the option is set.
%apa004w
A Directory block sets FollowSymLinks, so the server follows any
symbolic link under it. Anyone who can create a link in the served
tree, through an upload, a shared directory or another account on the
machine, can expose files outside it, such as /etc/passwd. Remove
FollowSymLinks, or at least replace it with SymLinksIfOwnerMatch, and
check the tree for links that should not be there.
%apa005w
A Directory block sets ExecCGI, so files the server can execute run as
programs. Combined with an upload path or a writable directory this
lets an attacker run code as the server user. Take ExecCGI off every
directory except the one cgi-bin the site actually uses, and make sure
that directory is writable only by root.
%apa006w
A Directory block sets Indexes, so a visitor who asks for a directory
without an index file gets a listing of everything in it. Listings
advertise backups, draft pages, archives and anything else left lying
around. Remove Indexes from every directory that does not need
browsing, or add an index file where it does.
