%fire001w
Nothing in the kernel's packet filter drops incoming IPv4 traffic that no
rule has accepted: every chain on the input hook, in nftables and in
legacy iptables, has the policy accept and does not end with an
unconditional drop or reject. Every service listening on an address
reachable from the network is then reachable, including ones started by
accident, by a package, or by a user, and a service's own access rules
are the only defence.

The detail lists the input chains that were found, if any. Rules that
drop only some traffic (one port, one source) do not change this: what
matters is what happens to a packet that nothing matched.

To fix it, use the firewall front end the distribution provides, which
sets a default-deny policy and lets the services you name through:
'ufw enable' on Ubuntu and Debian (after 'ufw allow ssh' on a remote
machine), 'systemctl enable --now firewalld' on Fedora, RHEL and SUSE.
With nftables directly, a chain such as:

    table inet filter {
      chain input {
        type filter hook input priority filter; policy drop;
        ct state established,related accept
        iif "lo" accept
        tcp dport 22 accept
      }
    }

in /etc/nftables.conf, loaded by 'systemctl enable --now nftables'.

Ports that Docker publishes are forwarded before they reach the input
chain, so they bypass this policy; they are reported on their own
(fire005w, fire006i).
%fire002w
As fire001w, for IPv6. A host can deny IPv4 by default and leave IPv6
open: an nftables table of family 'ip' or an iptables (not ip6tables)
policy covers IPv4 only. If the host has IPv6 addresses, its services
are reachable over IPv6 even when IPv4 is filtered. Use a table of
family 'inet', which covers both, or set the ip6tables policy too. If the
host does not use IPv6 at all, it can be switched off with
net.ipv6.conf.all.disable_ipv6 = 1, and this check then says nothing
about it.
%fire003i
Incoming traffic of this family is denied by default: the chain named
drops or rejects what its rules do not accept. This is informational;
it says nothing about which services the rules let through, which is
worth reviewing with 'nft list ruleset' (or 'ufw status verbose',
'firewall-cmd --list-all').
%fire004e
The packet filter rules could not be read, so the check cannot say
whether incoming traffic is filtered. Reading them needs root ('nft list
ruleset' fails with "Operation not permitted" otherwise), and the nft or
iptables command. The detail gives the command's own error.
%fire005w
A port that Docker publishes is open to the network, and nothing in the
host's packet filter restricts it. Docker publishes a port (docker run
-p 8080:80, a compose file's "ports:") by rewriting the destination of
packets for it in the prerouting stage and forwarding them to the
container, so they never reach the input hook: an input policy drop, ufw
and firewalld leave them alone, and the host can be "denied by default"
(fire003i) with the port open to anyone who can reach the address.
Tested with ufw enabled: a listener on the host itself did not answer,
the published port did.

The port is read from the rules Docker wrote, for its iptables backend
(the nat table's DOCKER chain) and its nftables backend (the
docker-bridges tables). "On every address" is a port published without
an address (-p 8080:80); a port published on one address names it. A
port published on a loopback address (-p 127.0.0.1:8080:80) can only be
reached from the host and is not reported.

To fix it, publish the port on the address that should serve it, or on
127.0.0.1 if only the host (or a reverse proxy on it) needs it:

    docker run -p 127.0.0.1:8080:80 ...
    ports: ["127.0.0.1:8080:80"]

or restrict who can reach it in the DOCKER-USER chain, which Docker
consults before its own rules and never changes, for instance letting in
only the local network on the outside interface:

    iptables -I DOCKER-USER -i eth0 ! -s 192.168.1.0/24 -j DROP

(ip6tables for IPv6). Docker's nftables backend has no DOCKER-USER chain;
there, a drop rule in a forward chain of a table of your own does the
same, since a packet dropped by any chain on the hook is dropped. If the
port is meant to be public, accept the finding with tigris-accept.
%fire006i
Docker publishes ports to the network, and there are rules that may
restrict them: rules in DOCKER-USER other than Docker's own "return", or
a forward chain of the host's own that drops. This check does not
evaluate what those rules match, so it does not say the ports are safe;
the detail lists the ports and the rules found. Review them with
'iptables -S DOCKER-USER' (or 'nft list ruleset') and make sure every
published port is reachable only from where it should be.
